---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sechub_secret_store"
subcategory: "Secrets Hub"
description: Secrets Hub secret store data source, reads secret store information and metadata, based on the Secret Store ID.
---

# idsec_sechub_secret_store (Data Source)

Secrets Hub secret store data source, reads secret store information and metadata, based on the Secret Store ID.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Secret Store id to get details for

### Read-Only

- `behaviors` (List of String) Whether the secret store is used as a source or a target. There can be only one source secret store per tenant. Valid values: SECRETS_SOURCE, SECRETS_TARGET
- `created_at` (String) The secret store creation date.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the secret store.
- `creation_details` (String) Allowed Values: Secrets Hub, Connect Cloud Environment
- `data` (Attributes) Data related to the secret store as defined in the cloud platform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `description` (String) A description of the secret store.
- `name` (String) The secret store name.
- `organization_id` (String)
- `scan` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scan))
- `state` (String) The secret store state. Valid values: INITIALIZING,ENABLED,DISABLED,DELETING
- `store_status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--store_status))
- `total_policies_count` (Number) The total amount of policies in the secret store
- `total_secrets_count` (Number) The total amount of secrets in the secret store
- `type` (String) The type of secret store (PAM_PCLOUD,PAM_SELF_HOSTED,AWS_ASM,AZURE_AKV,GCP_GSM,HASHICORP_VAULT)
- `updated_at` (String) The last date the secret store was updated
- `updated_by` (String) The last user to update the secret store.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `account_alias` (String)
- `account_id` (String)
- `app_client_directory_id` (String)
- `app_client_id` (String)
- `authentication_method` (String) Provider-specific authentication method to use
- `authentication_path` (String) The authentication path in HashiCorp Vault
- `azure_vault_url` (String)
- `connection_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--connection_config))
- `connector_id` (String) The connector unique identifier used to connect Secrets Hub and the Cloud Vendor.
- `connector_pool_id` (String) The connector pool unique identifier used to connect PAM Self-Hosted and Secrets Hub.
- `engine_api_version` (String) The API version of the engine in HashiCorp Vault. Valid values: 1, 2
- `engine_type` (String) The type of the engine in HashiCorp Vault. Valid values: KV, PKI, SSH
- `gcp_authentication` (Attributes) GCP: The GCP authentication configuration for the secret store (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--gcp_authentication))
- `gcp_pool_provider_id` (String) The GCP pool provider ID created for Secrets Hub to access the GCP Secret Manager
- `gcp_project_name` (String) The name of the GCP project where the GCP Secret Manager is stored
- `gcp_project_number` (String) The number of the GCP project where the GCP Secret Manager is stored
- `gcp_workload_identity_pool_id` (String) The GCP workload identity pool ID created for Secrets Hub to access the GCP Secret Manager
- `hashi_vault_url` (String) The URL of the HashiCorp Vault
- `mount_path` (String) The mount path of the engine in HashiCorp Vault
- `password` (String) SELF HOSTED: The password of the user in PAM 'SecretsHub'
- `region_id` (String)
- `resource_group_name` (String)
- `role_name` (String)
- `service_account_email` (String) The service account email created for Secrets Hub to access the GCP Secret Manager
- `subscription_id` (String)
- `subscription_name` (String)
- `url` (String)
- `username` (String) The user used for Secrets Hub to get secrets from PAM source. Should be 'SecretsHub'. This user should be created by REST API in PAM

<a id="nestedatt--data--connection_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.connection_config`

Read-Only:

- `connection_type` (String) The connection type (CONNECTOR,PUBLIC)
- `connector_id` (String) The connector unique identifier used to connect Secrets Hub and the Cloud Vendor.
- `connector_pool_id` (String) The connector pool unique identifier used to connect PAM Self-Hosted and Secrets Hub.


<a id="nestedatt--data--gcp_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.gcp_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_method` (String) GCP: GCP authentication method to use
- `gcp_pool_provider_id` (String) GCP: The GCP pool provider ID created for Secrets Hub to access the GCP Secret Manager
- `gcp_project_number` (String) GCP: The number of the GCP project where the service account is stored. If not provided, defaults to the Secret Store's gcpProjectNumber
- `gcp_workload_identity_pool_id` (String) GCP: The GCP workload identity pool ID created for Secrets Hub to access the GCP Secret Manager
- `service_account_email` (String) GCP: The service account email created for Secrets Hub to access the GCP Secret Manager



<a id="nestedatt--scan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scan`

Read-Only:

- `finished_at` (String) The date and time the scan ended. Example: 2023-07-06T15:45:00.103000
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the scan
- `message` (String) More information on the scan status.
- `status` (String) The status of the scan (IN_PROGRESS,SUCCESS,FAILED)


<a id="nestedatt--store_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `store_status`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) More information on the secret store status.
- `status` (String) The status of the secret store (SUCCESS, FAILED)

