---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sia_workspaces_db"
subcategory: "Secure Infrastructure Access"
description: The SIA workspaces database data source, reads database information and metadata, based on the ID of the database.
---

# idsec_sia_workspaces_db (Data Source)

The SIA workspaces database data source, reads database information and metadata, based on the ID of the database.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

data "idsec_sia_workspaces_db" "example_db" {
  id = var.database_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account to be used for provider based databases such as atlas
- `auth_database` (String) Authentication database used, most commonly used with mongodb
- `certificate` (String) The certificate ID used for this database that resides in the certificates service.
- `configured_auth_method_type` (String) The target configured auth method type.
- `domain` (String) The domain the DB resides in
- `domain_controller_enable_certificate_validation` (Boolean) Whether to enforce certificate validation on TLS comm to the DC
- `domain_controller_ldaps_certificate` (String) Certificate id to use for the domain controller TLS comm
- `domain_controller_name` (String) Domain controller name associated to this database
- `domain_controller_netbios` (String) Domain controller netbios associated to this database
- `domain_controller_use_ldaps` (Boolean) Whether to work with LDAP secure or not
- `enable_certificate_validation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable and enforce certificate validation.
- `family` (String) The family of the database provider.
- `id` (String) The database ID to get.
- `name` (String) The database name to get.
- `platform` (String) The platform where the database resides.
- `port` (Number) The port of the database, if not given, the default one will be used.
- `provider_engine` (String) The provider engine, will be later deduced to the identifier of the provider.
- `read_only_endpoint` (String) The optional read-only endpoint of the database.
- `read_write_endpoint` (String) The read/write endpoint of the database.
- `region` (String) Region of the database, most commonly used with IAM authentication
- `secret_id` (String) The secret identifier stored in the secret service related to this database.
- `services` (List of String) The services related to the database, most commonly used with Oracle/SQL Server.
