---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sia_db_strong_accounts"
subcategory: "Secure Infrastructure Access"
description: The SIA strong accounts data source, reads strong account information and metadata, based on the ID of the account.
---

# idsec_sia_db_strong_accounts (Data Source)

The SIA strong accounts data source, reads strong account information and metadata, based on the ID of the account.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `strong_account_id` (String) The ID of the account to get.

### Read-Only

- `account_name` (String) The account name of the account.
- `address` (String) The address of the account.
- `auth_database` (String) The authentication database of the account.
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The AWS access key ID of the account.
- `aws_account_alias_name` (String) The AWS account alias name.
- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS access key ID of the account.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the account.
- `database` (String) The database of the account.
- `dsn` (String) The DSN of the account.
- `log_on_to` (String) The log on to field for WinDomain platform.
- `modified_at` (String) The last modification timestamp.
- `modified_by` (String) The user who last modified the account.
- `name` (String) The account name.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the account. The required propeties are dependent on the platform.
- `port` (Number) The port of the account.
- `reconcile_is_win_account` (Boolean) Whether to reconcile as Windows account for MSSql.
- `region` (String) The AWS region.
- `replica_set` (String) The replica set name for MongoDB.
- `safe` (String) The Safe of the account.
- `store_type` (String) The type of store: pam or managed.
- `use_ssl` (String) The SSL usage setting for MongoDB.
- `user_dn` (String) The user DN field for WinDomain platform.
- `username` (String) The username of the account.
