---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_cce_aws_account"
subcategory: "Connect cloud environments"
description: CCE AWS account resource, manages AWS account programmatic onboarding.
---

# idsec_cce_aws_account (Resource)

CCE AWS account resource, manages AWS account programmatic onboarding.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a simple AWS account onboarding with SCA service
resource "idsec_cce_aws_account" "simple_example" {
  account_id           = "123456789012"
  account_display_name = "Terraform onboarded account"
  deployment_region    = "us-east-1"

  services = [
    {
      service_name = "sca"
      resources = {
        ScaRole = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/scaRole"
      }
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) AWS account ID (12 digits) found in the upper right corner of the AWS console.
- `services` (Dynamic) List of services to add to the account (SIA, SCA, SecretsHub, CDS) and their associated resources.

### Optional

- `account_display_name` (String) Optional name for the account shown in the CCE UI.
- `deployment_region` (String) AWS region where the account is deployed, for example, us-east-1. If not specified, the tenant region is used.
- `display_name` (String) Display name shown in the CCE UI.
- `duplicated_services` (List of String) Service resources deployed to this account and to the parent organization.
- `id` (String) GUID of the added account without hyphens. For example, ef858a2d8f8f4f1781578089bb4ea010.
- `onboarding_type` (String) The method used to deploy resources in AWS: standard (UI), programmatic (API), or Terraform Provider.
- `organization_id` (String) CCE onboarding ID of the parent AWS organization.
- `organization_name` (String) Display name of the parent AWS organization shown in the CCE UI.
- `parameters` (Dynamic) A key-value map of service-specific configuration parameters, keyed by service name.
- `region` (String) AWS region where CCE resources were created.
- `status` (String) Onboarding status: Completely added, Partially added, Failed to add.
