---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_pcloud_safe_member"
subcategory: "Privilege Cloud"
description: Privilege Cloud safe member resource, manages Privilege Cloud Safe members and their relevant permissions.
---

# idsec_pcloud_safe_member (Resource)

Privilege Cloud safe member resource, manages Privilege Cloud Safe members and their relevant permissions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "idsec_pcloud_safe_member" "example_member" {
  safe_id        = var.safe_id
  member_name    = var.member_name
  member_type    = "User"
  permission_set = "read_only"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `member_name` (String) The user name or group name of the Safe member. Do not use the following characters: \ / : * < > “ | ? % & +
- `member_type` (String) The member type (User,Group,Role)
- `safe_id` (String) The URL encoding of the Safe name. For special characters, enter the encoding of the special character. For example, enter %20 to represent a space

### Optional

- `is_expired_membership_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the membership for the Safe is expired. For expired members, the value is True
- `is_predefined_user` (Boolean) Whether the member is a predefined Vault user or group
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) Whether or not the current user can update the permissions of the member
- `member_id` (Dynamic) The user, group or role ID
- `membership_expiration_date` (Number) The member's expiration date for this Safe. For members with no expiration date, this value is null
- `permission_set` (String) Predefined permission set to use (connect_only,read_only,approver,accounts_manager,full,custom)
- `permissions` (Attributes) The permissions that the user or group has on this Safe (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `safe_name` (String) The unique name of the Safe to which the member belongs
- `safe_number` (Number) The unique numerical ID of the Safe to which the member belongs
- `search_in` (String) Where to search. Search within the domain using the domain ID, or within the Vault for a system component user. Retrieve the domain ID (also known as Identity Directory ID - UUID - using a POST request to {{baseUrl}/Core/GetDirectoryServices

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `access_without_confirmation` (Boolean) Access the Safe without confirmation from authorized users. This overrides the Safe properties that specify that Safe members require confirmation to access the Safe
- `add_accounts` (Boolean) Add accounts in the Safe. Users who have this permission automatically have UpdateAccountProperties permissions
- `backup_safe` (Boolean) Create a backup of a Safe and its contents, and store it in another location
- `create_folders` (Boolean) Create folders in the Safe
- `delete_accounts` (Boolean) Delete existing secrets in the Safe
- `delete_folders` (Boolean) Delete folders in the Safe
- `initiate_cpm_account_management_operations` (Boolean) Initiate secrets management operations such as changing, verifying, and reconciling secrets. When set to False, the SpecifyNextAccountContent parameter is also automatically set to False
- `list_accounts` (Boolean) View the Safe's accounts list
- `manage_safe` (Boolean) Perform administrative tasks in the Safe, including update properties and recover or delete the Safe
- `manage_safe_members` (Boolean) Add and remove Safe members, and update their authorizations in the Safe
- `move_accounts_and_folders` (Boolean) Move accounts and folders in the Safe to different folders and subfolders
- `rename_accounts` (Boolean) Rename existing accounts in the Safe
- `requests_authorization_level_1` (Boolean) Request authorization level 1 permission
- `requests_authorization_level_2` (Boolean) Request authorization level 2 permission
- `retrieve_accounts` (Boolean) Retrieve and view accounts in the Safe
- `specify_next_account_content` (Boolean) Specify the secret value for the next secrets rotation. can only be specified when the InitiateCPMAccountManagementOperations parameter is set to True. When InitiateCPMAccountManagementOperations is set to False this parameter is automatically set to False
- `unlock_accounts` (Boolean) Unlock accounts that are locked by other users
- `update_account_content` (Boolean) Update existing account content
- `update_account_properties` (Boolean) Update existing account properties
- `use_accounts` (Boolean) Use accounts but cannot view secrets
- `view_audit_log` (Boolean) View account and user activity in the Safe
- `view_safe_members` (Boolean) View permissions of Safe members

