---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sia_certificate"
subcategory: "Secure Infrastructure Access"
description: SIA Certificate resource, manages a certificate in SIA that is used for connections.
---

# idsec_sia_certificate (Resource)

SIA Certificate resource, manages a certificate in SIA that is used for connections.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cert_body` (String) The body content of the certificate.
- `cert_description` (String) The description of the certificate.
- `cert_name` (String) The name of the certificate.
- `cert_password` (String) The encryption password for certificate.
- `cert_type` (String) The certificate type (PEM, DER).
- `certificate_body` (String) The body content of the certificate.
- `certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate to update.
- `checksum` (String) The checksum calculated from the certificate content.
- `created_by` (String) The author of the certificate entry.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain to which the certificate is assigned.
- `expiration_date` (String) The time when certificate will expire.
- `file` (String) The path to a file with the certificate body.
- `labels` (Dynamic) The additional labels assigned to the certificate.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The author of last certificate entry update.
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata of the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the tenant.
- `updated_time` (String) The datetime of the last certificate update.
- `version` (Number) The version of the certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `issuer` (String) The issuer of the certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number of the certificate.
- `subject` (String) The subject of the certificate.
- `valid_from` (String) The start date of the certificate's validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) The end date of the certificate's validity period.

