---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sia_workspaces_db"
subcategory: "Secure Infrastructure Access"
description: The SIA workspaces database resource, manages database workspaces information and metadata, along with the association to the relevant Secret.
---

# idsec_sia_workspaces_db (Resource)

The SIA workspaces database resource, manages database workspaces information and metadata, along with the association to the relevant Secret.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "idsec_sia_db_strong_accounts" "pam_account" {
  store_type   = "pam"
  name         = "MyPAMAccount"
  account_name = var.account_name
  safe         = var.safe_name
}


resource "idsec_sia_workspaces_db" "example_db" {
  name                = "example_mssql_db"
  provider_engine     = "mssql-sh-vm"
  read_write_endpoint = var.address
  secret_id           = idsec_sia_db_strong_accounts.pam_account.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configured_auth_method_type` (String) The target configured auth method type.
- `name` (String) The name of the database, often referenced in policies and other APIs.
- `read_write_endpoint` (String) The read/write endpoint of the database.

### Optional

- `account` (String) The account to be used for provider based databases such as Atlas.
- `auth_database` (String) The authentication database used, most commonly used with MongoDB.
- `certificate` (String) The certificate ID used for this database that resides in the certificates service.
- `domain` (String) The domain where the database resides.
- `domain_controller_enable_certificate_validation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enforce certificate validation on TLS comm to the DC.
- `domain_controller_ldaps_certificate` (String) The certificate ID to use for the domain controller TLS comm.
- `domain_controller_name` (String) The domain controller name associated to this database.
- `domain_controller_netbios` (String) The domain controller netbios associated to this database.
- `domain_controller_use_ldaps` (Boolean) Indicates whether to work with secure LDAP.
- `enable_certificate_validation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable and enforce certificate validation.
- `family` (String) The family of the database provider.
- `id` (String) Database id to update
- `new_name` (String) The new name for the database.
- `platform` (String) The platform where the database resides, defaulted to on-premises
- `port` (Number) The port of the database, if not given, the default will be used.
- `provider_engine` (String) The provider engine, will be later deduced to the identifier of the provider.
- `read_only_endpoint` (String) The optional read-only endpoint of the database.
- `region` (String) The region of the database, most commonly used with IAM authentication.
- `secret_id` (String) The secret identifier stored in the secret service related to this database.
- `services` (List of String) The services related to the database, most commonly used with Oracle/SQL Server.
