---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sia_strong_accounts"
subcategory: "Secure Infrastructure Access"
description: The SIA strong accounts resource, manages strong account information and metadata.
---

# idsec_sia_strong_accounts (Resource)

The SIA strong accounts resource, manages strong account information and metadata.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_name` (String) The Account name of the account.
- `address` (String) The address of the account.
- `auth_database` (String) The authentication database of the account.
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The AWS access key ID of the account.
- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID of the account.
- `created_by` (String) The creator the Secret.
- `creation_time` (String) The creation time of the Secret.
- `database` (String) The database of the account.
- `description` (String) The description of the Secret.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Secret is active or not.
- `last_update_time` (String) The time the Secret was last updated.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The last user who updated the Secret.
- `name` (String) The Name of the account.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the account.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the account. The required propeties are dependent on the platform.
- `port` (Number) The port of the account.
- `purpose` (String) The purpose of the Secret.
- `safe` (String) The Safe of the account.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The Secret access key of the account.
- `secret_exposed_data` (Dynamic) The portion of the Secret data which can be exposed to the user.
- `secret_id` (String) The Secret identifier.
- `secret_link` (Dynamic) The link details of the Secret.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret.
- `secret_store` (Attributes) The Secret store details of the Secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_store))
- `secret_type` (String) The type of the Secret.
- `store_type` (String) The Store type of the account (managed,pam).
- `strong_account_id` (String) The ID of the account to update.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags of the Secret.
- `username` (String) The username of the account.

<a id="nestedatt--secret_store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_store`

Optional:

- `store_id` (String) The ID of the store.
- `store_type` (String) The type of the store.

