---
page_title: "terraform-provider-idsec - idsec_sia_secrets_vm"
subcategory: "Secure Infrastructure Access"
description: The SIA Secrets VM resource, manages VM Secrets information and metadata, based on the type of Secret.
---

# idsec_sia_secrets_vm (Resource)

The SIA Secrets VM resource, manages VM Secrets information and metadata, based on the type of Secret.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

resource "idsec_sia_secrets_vm" "example_provisioner_secret" {
  secret_name          = "example_provisioner_secret"
  secret_type          = "ProvisionerUser"
  provisioner_username = var.provisioner_username
  provisioner_password = var.provisioner_password
}

resource "idsec_sia_secrets_vm" "example_pcloud_secret" {
  secret_name         = "example_pcloud_secret"
  secret_type         = "PCloudAccount"
  pcloud_account_name = var.account_name
  pcloud_account_safe = var.safe_name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `secret_type` (String) The type of the Secret to add. The data is selected according to the chosen type (ProvisionerUser,PCloudAccount).

### Optional

- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the secret
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether this secret is active or not and can be retrieved or modified
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to disable the Secret.
- `is_rotatable` (Boolean) Whether this secret can be rotated
- `last_modified` (String) Last time the secret was modified
- `pcloud_account_name` (String) If Priviledge Cloud account type is selected, the account name.
- `pcloud_account_safe` (String) If Priviledge Cloud account type is selected, the account Safe.
- `provisioner_password` (String, Sensitive) If provisioner user type is selected, the password.
- `provisioner_username` (String) If provisioner user type is selected, the username.
- `secret` (Attributes) Secret itself (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret))
- `secret_details` (String) The optional extra metadata as JSON (use single quotes around JSON). Both Secret types include 'certFileName', 'account_domain' (defaults to 'local'), 'ephemeral_domain_user_data'. Example: --secret-details '{"account_domain":"domain"}'. Additional fields are merged with defaults.
- `secret_id` (String) The Secret ID to change.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the Secret. For PCloudAccount type, this is auto-generated from account name and Safe.
- `tenant_id` (String) Tenant ID of the secret

<a id="nestedatt--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret`

Optional:

- `secret_data` (Dynamic, Sensitive) The actual Secret data, can be of different types, and is base64 encoded if SecretBytes. Otherwise it is stored in the JIT data message as a string or as a dict of Secret data to be encrypted.
- `tenant_encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Secret is encrypted by the tenant key.

